Hello again.
So let's get some hosts and V.M. group.
So for that we need to create some hosts and some V.M. group.
So a click up and here we give it a name for example Holst's group one like that you give it any name
that you want.
We want to work at the level of the hosts so we choose Hulst and we click up.
They show us all the different tools available.
So for example we want to chose some specific calls that we want to work on.
Of course in the right environment you will have a lot of E6 I host but in our situation we have only
three.
So for example we chose number one and we click OK.
One example this hostile group number one that's content is x.
I host but what.
But in redevelopments For example we have five or six I hopped into number one and another 10 E-6 I
Holst's in another group number two we're going to explain the idea later.
So we at the HAUST group.
So we've created the group it is it last group.
And the difference is right inside this house.
Then we add a group.
For example do V.M. group 1 and then we choose to leave it up to them we click and then we choose a
different.
So when we chose the ethics I want we need to try to pick up some virtual machine.
For example this one and this one like that.
So to do some role of two DNS so we click OK that's me in the VM group have two Windows virtual machine
Windows XP and basics and two windows 7.
So we click OK that's of this machine.
So we'll see it work like into the environment then we're back to do is X.
And here we have no VM group and then we back to do VM host Group.
So to avoid some conflict I will going to delete.
Rule.
I will go into the latest route to avoid any conflict in the near one.
Then we click up and here we chose a virtual machine to Haast.
And how do you see that we have VM group available of course if we have talked to the group about the
virtual machine we see them right.
They do Hulst group why we need to use do virtual machine costs also in a real environment for the height
of mobility as we clearly are that we need to wait around in a virtual machine for example to Case 1
and 2 of the exchange in the same service to avoid losing the server.
In any case thats something wrong coupled to that E6 I host also we have some Hostia group.
For example lets get this design right hate for results but in an environment we have a of and started
in Iraq ARAC like do arm want that's how to five six or seven server inside it and managed by one power
cable and one clean etc. so do rock.
We have for example in a situation that have to rig or imagine but this is our room 1 and this is our
room too.
So in the break number one we have for example the server one server.
I tree and the rock number 2 2 6 4 6 5 and 6 6.
So when we see that the virtual machine thats this one like that for example the virtual machine that
hard case number one should always separated from do case number two let's me this virtual machine number
two like that if we put them inside the same host then we have a dangerous situation if something wrong
happened to this.
He asks I host the company we lost the connection to the Exchange server from the case 1 and Case 2.
So we had a rule that always always make the case one and do it in separate E-6 I host that's mean or
not.
This one right hand.
And the second one in another house.
So if something wrong happen to this U-6 I host do gays do still work perfectly in this server but in
some company in another situation we have RAC number one and the rock number two does track have different
server on stolid inside.
And for example if something wrong Koppen to do rock number one to cable that give the power to a different
server in this truck take it down for example something wrong Carpenter this rock.
So in this situation we lost the ears I won.
That is I treat and this double Isak's I have do exchange server.
The kids want to talk in this situation.
Also we lost the connection to exchange route and we are in bad situation in our company.
So another rule that we do is do the house.
If you remember in the DNS we perused the VM VM that's me route between this virtual machine to dismiss
your machine.
No we need to add a VM to a house that's me.
We are.
Why is D-Rays Liverpool to.
Virtual Machine of the case.
Do in any of the server of the track number one always put it in a different rack.
For example in rock number two.
Or a rock number three etc..
That's me in any situation.
Did s need to migrate some virtual machine and decided to migrate this one from this host.
Host number four that exist Interac number two of which to boot is in the rack number one and it will
be easy to track number three or rack number for it at all or any of those other ESX that exist in the
rack.
Number two like that.
So this is the root of the VM to host.
So imagine this as the same as in a room for example you have some server in our room one and another
server in our room number two.
If something wrong happened to this rule for example a catastrophe or something in attack or a fire
in this room you still have to sit in a room that have your virtual machine work perfectly.
So this is the idea of the group through a host Group.
So in the host group number one we Isak's I want and I do and E6 I treat their individual machine that
we want them to be running into RAC number what we added in the group.
Then we added case number to the database.
Number two the server number two etc in the VM group and then we give it up rule that it should not
run in the host Group.
That's me.
The virtual machine that exists in this group should not run into group number one.
In this case number two should not run into rock number one that's Hovda difference is I host.